<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head>
<title>Festival of the Holy Name singer guidelines</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="css/singers.css" type="text/css"/>
<meta charset="UTF-8"/>
<meta name="EPB-UUID" content="A6AC0C14-6624-4652-BB69-EC196AF5A4AC"/>
</head>
<body>
<div class="body s1" style="white-space:pre-wrap; line-break:strict;">
<p class="p1 p2" style="">Festival of the Holy Name</p>
<p class="p1 p2" style="">Mission Statement</p><p class="p1 p3" style=""></p>
<p class="p1 p3" style="">We aim to unite our diverse Alachua Hare Krishna community through focused chanting of the Hare Krishna maha-mantra. We relish the sweetness of connection with Sri Krishna and His Holy Name in an egalitarian, family-friendly atmosphere where every person is considered and included. By sitting together on an equal level, facing the Deities, we attempt to fully focus on the Lord’s form and the pure essence of the Holy Name. We honor this gift of kirtan, and aspire to create an atmosphere of joyful camaraderie in experiencing kirtan, performing seva (service), and honoring prasada together.</p>
<p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p2" style="">
<span class="c1">Singer Guidelines </span></p><p class="p1 p2" style=""> </p>
<p class="p1 p3" style="">Thank you for agreeing to sing in service of Sri Krishna and the Holy Name at the Festival of the Holy Name. We are grateful for your participation and help in this yajña, serving the Holy Name together.</p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style="">We ask you to please help serve the intention of the festival, read our ethos document, and come in the mood of service to the festival and Holy Name.</p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Please only chant the Hare Krishna maha-mantra</span><span class="c1">. Pranam mantras to Srila Prabhupada (and invocation mantras) are chanted at the beginning of each day. We request you to also refrain from sharing inspirational words or quotes before or after your kirtan. Chanting only the Hare Krishna mantra helps focus our attention on the Holy Name and keeps this kirtan service connected to the simple and pure essence of this recommended yuga dharma.</span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Please sing in your scheduled time slot</span><span class="c1"> and refrain from giving your time away to anyone else. If you would like to withdraw from your singing service, please contact us in advance. We asked you to sing because we appreciate your unique style and flavor and how that connects with and inspires the devotees.</span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Please end your kirtan at the scheduled time.</span><span class="c1"> This ensures that the person singing after you can start on time and that the schedule isn’t delayed.</span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Our sound service is provided on a best-effort basis</span><span class="c1"> and our simplicity is intentional.</span><span class="c1 c3"> </span><span class="c1">The kirtan setup for this festival has the lead singer and musicians seated in a semicircle facing Sri Sri Nitai-Gaurachandra to best focus on the Holy Name and Their Lordships.</span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Please arrange for your support musicians </span><span class="c1">or contact us if you need assistance.</span><span class="c1 c3"> </span><span class="c1">Please arrange for a mridanga player or any other musicians during your time slot. </span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p2" style=""><span class="c1">If there’s a special instrument you would like to connect to the sound system,</span><span class="c1 c2"> please let us know prior to the start of the festival. It’s difficult for us to accommodate last-minute connections to the sound system in the middle of the festival.</span></p><p class="p1 p2" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Please be at the kirtan tent at least 15 minutes before your scheduled time </span><span class="c1">so you can be oriented and prepared to sing during your time slot. Or ideally, please try to participate in the kirtans during the entire day.</span></p><p class="p1 p3" style=""> </p><p class="p1 p3" style=""><span class="c1 c3">Thank you so much for your service!</span><span class="c1"> We appreciate you facilitating the devotees in this important way. We hope you are inspired to participate in the full festival and other kirtans. Please contact us if you have any questions or special requests.</span></p></div></body></html>
